Bor Qishui as a teacher
This night is endless
It really took off.
Uh, yeah.
He is now worshipping the master
With his terrifying talent
I'm afraid it won't take long to break through 6 horses
Awarded the title of Son
Hey, it's really more annoying than people
We finally passed the test
Become an outer court disciple
This guy went straight across Inner Mongolia
Became a disciple of the enemy ship
Who allowed people to have such a monstrous talent?
If you have this talent
You can also worship the master and become an enemy
The weather today is so enchanting
Ate fairy grass hot pot
Let Thailand's Heavenly Spirit Monument be enchanted
A pot of chicken turned out to be an unprecedented 9 times of inspiration
Freeland Gate can't stay any longer
Sect Master Zhao, why is this?
Haven't you already apprenticed to Elder Wanmen?
This night is endless
But directly worshiping the overlords of the wolves as teachers
The fifth of all disciples who pass on disciples to enemies
Destiny of Heaven and Earth
How can a mere 10,000-door elder protect us?
We have a grudge against Ye Wuji for killing corpses
How could he let us go?
That kid is going to pack his bags
Sister Yemei, don't think you can eat emperors because you are talented
Hmph, the age to grow up
Nothing. We'll see.